# CsourceNotification

5.3.2 This datatype represents the parameters that allow building a Context Source Notification to be sent to a subscriber. 

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**id** | **str** | Csource notification identifier (JSON-LD @id).  | 
**type** | **str** | JSON-LD @type.  | 
**subscription_id** | **str** | Identifier of the subscription that originated the notification.  | 
**notified_at** | **datetime** | Timestamp corresponding to the instant when the notification was generated by the system.  | 
**data** | [**List[CsourceRegistration]**](CsourceRegistration.md) | The content of the notification as NGSI-LD entities. See clause 5.2.4.  | [readonly] 
**trigger_reason** | **str** | Indicates whether the Csources in the CsourceRegistration.Input(s) in data are newly matching (initial notification or creation), have been updated (but still match) or do not match any longer.  • \&quot;newlyMatching\&quot; - describes the case that the notified Context Source Registration(s) newly match(es) the identified subscription. This value is used in the first notification and whenever a new Context Source Registration matching the Subscription has been registered, or an existing Context Source Registration that did not match before has been updated in such a way that it matches now.  • \&quot;updated\&quot; - describes the case that the notified Context Source Registration that was part of a previous notification has been updated, but still matches the Subscription.  • \&quot;noLongerMatching\&quot; - describes the case that the notified Context Source Registration that was part of a previous notification no longer matches the Subscription, i.e. as a result of  an update or because it was deleted.  | 

## Example

```python
from ngsi_ld_models.models.csource_notification import CsourceNotification

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of CsourceNotification from a JSON string
csource_notification_instance = CsourceNotification.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print CsourceNotification.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
csource_notification_dict = csource_notification_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of CsourceNotification from a dict
csource_notification_form_dict = csource_notification.from_dict(csource_notification_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


