# ProblemDetails

The definition of the general \"ProblemDetails\" data structure from IETF RFC 7807 [19] is reproduced inthis structure. Compared to the general framework defined in IETF RFC 7807 [19], the \"status\" and \"detail\" attributes are mandated to be included by the present document, to ensure that the response contains additional textual information about an error. IETF RFC 7807 [19] foresees extensibility of the \"ProblemDetails\" type. It is possible that particular APIs in the present document, or particular implementations, define extensions to define additional attributes that provide more information about the error. The description column only provides some explanation of the meaning to Facilitate understanding of the design. For a full description, see IETF RFC 7807 [19]. 

## Properties
Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**type** | **str** | A URI reference according to IETF RFC 3986 [5] that identifies the problem type. It is encouraged that the URI provides human-readable documentation for the problem (e.g. using HTML) when dereferenced. When this member is not present, its value is assumed to be \&quot;about:blank\&quot;.  | [optional] 
**title** | **str** | A short, human-readable summary of the problem type. It should not change from occurrence to occurrence of the problem, except for purposes of localization. If type is given and other than \&quot;about:blank\&quot;, this attribute shall also be provided. A short, human-readable summary of the problem type.  It SHOULD NOT change from occurrence to occurrence of the problem, except for purposes of localization (e.g., using proactive content negotiation; see [RFC7231], Section 3.4).  | [optional] 
**status** | **int** | The HTTP status code for this occurrence of the problem. The HTTP status code ([RFC7231], Section 6) generated by the origin server for this occurrence of the problem.  | 
**detail** | **str** | A human-readable explanation specific to this occurrence of the problem.  | 
**instance** | **str** | A URI reference that identifies the specific occurrence of the problem. It may yield further information if dereferenced.  | [optional] 

## Example

```python
from ngsi_ld_models.models.problem_details import ProblemDetails

# TODO update the JSON string below
json = "{}"
# create an instance of ProblemDetails from a JSON string
problem_details_instance = ProblemDetails.from_json(json)
# print the JSON string representation of the object
print ProblemDetails.to_json()

# convert the object into a dict
problem_details_dict = problem_details_instance.to_dict()
# create an instance of ProblemDetails from a dict
problem_details_form_dict = problem_details.from_dict(problem_details_dict)
```
[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


